README.md, before:

# School Project 📖

This project belong to Web Design courses. It attempt to validate the Web Design module. 💻


<p align="center">
  <img width="460" height="300" src="https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2016/09/14/08/26/web-1668927_960_720.jpg">
</p>

## Getting Starting

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. The easiest way to test it is to download all files and to make them run on your local web server.


### 1-Objectives

The purpose of this project is to create a complete application to access a dataset that we have chosen. We will therefore create a web application based on the AngularJS framework inspired by applications seen in courses. Your web client will need to use the framework's capabilities, present custom styles and designs, and be usable on phone and tablet. 📱:computer:

Criteria: ✅

* Use of AngularJS
* Style & Design
* Responsiveness

### 2-Schema

Your application should use external data (at least one) retrieved from one or more webservice (s). The JSON format is preferred, the goal is to create an application highlighting these data by displaying them on a site with a specific theme. Your application should also contain a custom filter.

Must use :
* ng-model
* ng-if, ng-show
* ng-repeat
* ng-class
* ng-click, ng-submit

### 3-Bibliography

Header image retrieved from : pixabay.com by geralt
Help from : [https://www.w3.org/](http://www.w3.org/) and [https://docs.angularjs.org](https://docs.angularjs.org)
List of APIs 📂 : ![https://github.com/toddmotto/public-apis](https://github.com/toddmotto/public-apis)

### 4-Build with


*Bootstrap* : [https://getbootstrap.com/](http://getbootstrap.com/)
<p align="left">
  <img width="42" height="42" src="http://themicon.co/theme/centric/v1.9.5/assets/bs4.png">
</p>

*Angular* : [https://angularjs.org/](https://angularjs.org/)
<p align="left">
  <img width="42" height="42" src="http://adrianmejia.com/images/angularjs.png">
</p>

*Server* : [https://apache.org/](https://apache.org/)
<p align="left">
  <img width="42" height="42" src="https://docs.openstack.org/murano/newton/_images/logo.png">
</p>


*Editor*: [https://atom.io/](https://atom.io/)
<p align="left">
  <img width="42" height="42" src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/64/92/42/6492425f7217725ab8cbe29e3aa8eae6.jpg">
</p>


*Sources JSON*: --


### 5-Authors 👨‍💻

* pguiller
* clem9669

Commit message:

README #5 - Add credit to Tania Rascia

README.md, after:

# School Project 📖

This project belong to Web Design courses. It attempt to validate the Web Design module. 💻


<p align="center">
  <img width="460" height="300" src="https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2016/09/14/08/26/web-1668927_960_720.jpg">
</p>

## Getting Starting

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. The easiest way to test it is to download all files and to make them run on your local web server.


### 1-Objectives

The purpose of this project is to create a complete application to access a dataset that we have chosen. We will therefore create a web application based on the AngularJS framework inspired by applications seen in courses. Your web client will need to use the framework's capabilities, present custom styles and designs, and be usable on phone and tablet. 📱:computer:

Criteria: ✅

* Use of AngularJS
* Style & Design
* Responsiveness

### 2-Schema

Your application should use external data (at least one) retrieved from one or more webservice (s). The JSON format is preferred, the goal is to create an application highlighting these data by displaying them on a site with a specific theme. Your application should also contain a custom filter.

Must use :
* ng-model
* ng-if, ng-show
* ng-repeat
* ng-class
* ng-click, ng-submit

### 3-Bibliography

Spefical thank to : **Tania Rascia**
  1. [How to Connect to an API with JavaScript](https://www.taniarascia.com/how-to-connect-to-an-api-with-javascript/)
  2. [Google Maps APIs for Multiple Locations](https://www.taniarascia.com/google-maps-apis-for-multiple-locations/)

Header image retrieved from : pixabay.com by geralt
Help from : [https://www.w3.org/](http://www.w3.org/) and [https://docs.angularjs.org](https://docs.angularjs.org)
List of APIs 📂 : ![https://github.com/toddmotto/public-apis](https://github.com/toddmotto/public-apis)

### 4-Build with


*Bootstrap* : [https://getbootstrap.com/](http://getbootstrap.com/)
<p align="left">
  <img width="42" height="42" src="http://themicon.co/theme/centric/v1.9.5/assets/bs4.png">
</p>

*Angular* : [https://angularjs.org/](https://angularjs.org/)
<p align="left">
  <img width="42" height="42" src="http://adrianmejia.com/images/angularjs.png">
</p>

*Server* : [https://apache.org/](https://apache.org/)
<p align="left">
  <img width="42" height="42" src="https://docs.openstack.org/murano/newton/_images/logo.png">
</p>


*Editor*: [https://atom.io/](https://atom.io/)
<p align="left">
  <img width="42" height="42" src="https://i.pinimg.com/originals/64/92/42/6492425f7217725ab8cbe29e3aa8eae6.jpg">
</p>


*Sources JSON*: --


### 5-Authors 👨‍💻

* pguiller
* clem9669
